now it's time for you to take us on a
ride with gran turismo 5 show us what
this tracks all about and let us see
what gran turismo 5 has the offer ok
we're going to go we're going to go to
quick small section it every demo is
blocked off to 2 minutes and 30 seconds
so that's all I have to show today but
I'm going to I'm going to drive you
through a small portion of Nurburgring
one of the new track sets out there the
new cars that were showing today that
I'm used is mo 380 so we got we got the
ring right there it's about to load just
give it a second so here we go ready to
race and now we're showing some of the
some of the assists that are in the
games you're going to see a blue line on
the road that's your driving line
everyone wants to maintain that line as
best as possible as soon as she got line
turn red you want to start breaking so
it's going to turn me off it's going to
turn me into this first straightaway
section right now that's me in the car
right there and here we go so you see
the blue line it's dynamically changing
colors so red means i have to slow down
a little bit and the cool thing about it
is that I'm feeling a lot of things on
the steering wheel right now because
this is a full force feedback steering
wheel like I said before when we go out
to the tracks we capture all sorts of
data so we have track consistency we
have how the other bumps feel we have
exactly how it differentiates from
section to section so right now I'm
feeling how the on the street wheel all
that information is being passed through
so I'm feeling the streamlet kind of
wobble showing me exactly how the car
would be wobbling if i was there in real
life on this track ok so for on people
who already have existing steering
wheels at home I'm do these work with
all force feedback on and will they work
with standard steering wheel well right
now we one wheel that we are talking
about is the Logitech steering wheel
because we worked very closely with them
and developing the steering wheel and be
able to transfer the information that's
going out in Game two the steering wheel
that way the users have that realistic
feeling I know that there's some wheels
that you can buy on the store that are
somewhat compatible to to the system and
to gran turismo but this is by far the
best school that you can
and will this will release when I'm
granturismo comes out or is it currently
available in stores right now this wheel
is already actually out in stores so you
can go out to walmart target any major
electronic stores or game stores and
you'll be able to download buy it there
okay so right now give us a kind of a
overview of what we're looking at on the
screen right now we're going we're
driving through door ring ring and it's
actually really difficult to talk and
drive at the same time because it's it's
highly technical there are a lot of
turns on this track and not just that if
you kind of look at the steering wheel
and there's a lot of movement going on
that's because the track is giving the
streaming world a lot of information
right now that you know the stream was
moving around telling me that the cars
trying to lose balance in some sections
because I'm not driving properly and
it's just it's one of those things that
one of this tracks that you really have
to concentrate when you're driving
that's what a lot of people love it but
it's once once you're driving once you
learn some of the trends it's really a
lot a lot of fun so that was the
official driving simulator that you guys
have a showing here at CES where can
people actually go and find out more
information is there a direct link or
website you can find it online if you go
to the official US PlayStation website
you have information there or the
official grand juries bones website and
adventure spocom and thank you so much
for your time taking us through gran
turismo 5 and we're looking forward to
seeing more from Sony and hearing more
about Gran Turismo 5 coming here soon in
the future so we can all check this out